Hello everyone,

This is Xiaoyu Xie, a third-year PhD candidate at Northwestern University, USA. A brief summary for me is shown below:

- 6+ years of research experience in machine learning and deep learning for scientific knowledge (e.g., ODEs/PDEs, scaling laws, dimensionless numbers) discovery, digital twin creation, surrogate modeling, image and statistical analysis using physics-based and data-driven approaches.
- 2 years of industrial experience in computer vision and deep learning of designing and implementing visual spam detection systems (images, videos, and live streaming data), online training, computing, monitoring, and evaluating systems.
- Demonstrated experience in the development of open-source software. Independently contributing to the development of PyDimension, a python library for discovering scientific knowledge from scarce data.
- Strong communication and writing skills and ability to work collaboratively in interdisciplinary teams.
- Authored and co-authored 5 scientific publications in top journals (e.g., Nature Communications and Npj Computational Materials-Nature).
- Actively looking for a 2023 intern position in machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision-related fields.• 6+ years of research experience in machine learning and deep learning for scientific knowledge (e.g., ODEs/PDEs, scaling laws, dimensionless numbers) discovery, digital twin creation, surrogate modeling, image and statistical analysis using physics-based and data-driven approaches. • 2 years of industrial experience in computer vision and deep learning of designing and implementing visual spam detection systems (images, videos, and live streaming data), online training, computing, monitoring, and evaluating systems. • Demonstrated experience in the development of open-source software. Independently contributing to the development of PyDimension, a python library for discovering scientific knowledge from scarce data. • Strong communication and writing skills and ability to work collaboratively in interdisciplinary teams. • Authored and co-authored 5 scientific publications in top journals (e.g., Nature Communications and Npj Computational Materials-Nature). • Actively looking for a 2023 intern position in machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision-related fields.
